# Welcome
Welcome to the future home of our team handbook. The handbook is still in development during the 2022 season with the bulk of our notes in the [Cyber Coyotes Handbook wiki](https://github.com/CyberCoyotes/Handbook/wiki).

# Addon as of 10-14-22
Welcome! This is the communal programming handbook for team 3603! The core idea behind this handbook is simple: Making the beginning stages of programming in FRC as simple and easy as possible. As such, non-essential material will be glossed over to **avoid making this an infodump**; programming is easy when it is taught with intuition, and I hope this will continue to be interated on as time goes on and new technologies are utilized for the benefit of the team and, maybe someday, the entire FRC community as a whole.
##
If you're new, and looking for where to go for knowledge, I recommend starting in [Fundamentals](https://github.com/CyberCoyotes/Handbook/tree/ShaunEdit/Fundamentals); this will teach you the basic ideas behind **designing** the code for the robot. It will (hopefully) teach you about the rationale behind our decisions, and make code not just readable, but understandable. Alongside this, it's good to understand some elementary Java at the same time. [Code Nitty Gritty](https://github.com/CyberCoyotes/Handbook/tree/ShaunEdit/Code%20Nitty%20Gritty) aims to teach the Java aspect, though there will be plenty of material on Java for the robot specifically, pertaining to WPILib and any other libraries we are using. [Sloppy WIP Development](https://github.com/CyberCoyotes/Handbook/tree/ShaunEdit/Sloppy%20WIP%20Development) will be used as a  location for temporary notes, and should not contain permeneant, refined docs.
##
Of course, this is all still in progress, so don't expect everything needed to be written here. 